WhiteSparrow/Logging/Readme.md, before:

# Chirp Logging Framework
----
You can find Installation more detailed instructions at the github repository webpage https://github.com/JakubSlaby/Chirp/.

## Installation
Put the Chirp source files in Assets/Plugins.


## Initialisation
To start using Chirp initialise the framework by calling `Chirp.Initialise();` and pass desired loggers.
```csharp
Chirp.Initialise(new UnityConsoleLogger());
```
Add `LogLevelDebug` to ProjectSettings/Player/Script Define Symbols (read more about [Conditional Compilation](#Conditional-Compilation)).

## Usage
Default usage:
```csharp
Chirp.Debug("Debug Message"); // Detailed logs, best for cases like logging rpc responses or method outputs.
Chirp.Log("Log Message"); // Typical log message, most common use case.
Chirp.Info("Info Message"); // State change or any significant message that would have less detailed data.
Chirp.Warning("Warning Message");
Chirp.Error("Error message");
Chirp.Exception(new Exception(), "Exception Message");
```

Read more at [GutHub Chirp Repository](https://github.com/JakubSlaby/Chirp/)

Commit message:

Simplified settings, updated Settings Window, updated readmes, bumped version number.

WhiteSparrow/Logging/Readme.md, after:

# Chirp Logging Framework
----
You can find Installation more detailed instructions at the github repository webpage https://github.com/JakubSlaby/Chirp/.

## Installation
Put the Chirp source files in Assets/Plugins.

## Initialisation
First we need to enable Chirp Framework for each desired platform and set the Logging Level.
Navigate to `Tools/Chirp Logger/Chirp Settings` or you can find it in Project Settings window.
In here you will be able to select on which platforms Chirp is enabled and which log level will be set.


To start using Chirp in runtime, initialise the framework by calling `Chirp.Initialise();` and pass desired loggers.
```csharp
Chirp.Initialise(new UnityConsoleLogger());
```



## Usage
Default usage:
```csharp
Chirp.Debug("Debug Message"); // Detailed logs, best for cases like logging rpc responses or method outputs.
Chirp.Log("Log Message"); // Typical log message, most common use case.
Chirp.Info("Info Message"); // State change or any significant message that would have less detailed data.
Chirp.Warning("Warning Message");
Chirp.Error("Error message");
Chirp.Exception(new Exception(), "Exception Message");
```

Read more at [GutHub Chirp Repository](https://github.com/JakubSlaby/Chirp/)
